Why should business care about Continuous Delivery?
===================================================

At its core, Continuous Delivery is about delivering features to
customers as soon as they are ready. This rapid delivery has several
benefits for both business and development. First and foremost it lets
us adapt continuously and rapidly to customer feedback and changes in
the market—it enables us to gain insights from real usage. As a result
we have a better basis for knowing if we are building the right product.

A lot have been said and written about the technical aspects of
continuous delivery—why it reduces overhead for development by
automating everything that can be automated. This blog post, however,
will focus on three core _business_ aspects of delivering continuously.

Smaller deltas of change means lower risk
-----------------------------------------

We call the amount of changes between two deploys the _delta of change_.
Reducing this delta means that less can go wrong when a new version is
deployed. Why? Both from a technical and business perspective it is far
easier to pinpoint the problem when there are less changes in the
product. By delivering fewer changes at a time we can be more certain
that we are actually delivering the _right thing_.

When releasing fewer changes it is also easier for business to
understand the impact of each additional change. This enable us to learn
more about customers and not waste money building features that don't
add value.

Also, fewer changes means that we can deploy more often. And deploying
more often means shorter feedback loops. And shorter feedback loops
means we will learn more about customers.

Shorter feedback loops
----------------------

There is a feedback loop between the team developing the product and the
customers using it: The development and delivery of the product, the
customers usage of it, the interpretation of this usage, and the final
decision regarding possible changes to the product and the strategy.
Delivering continuously shortens the feedback loop, which enables us to
learn more—and more rapidly—about our customers and making the correct
decisions faster.

The developers of a product often have several layers between them and
the customer. Smaller code changes delivered often means shorter feedback
loops, which will increase the developers understanding of what the
customer wants. This improvement can lead to improved decisions and
technical innovations that are more aligned with what the user wants.
The more you know your customers, the easier it is to build the right
thing.

Increased responsiveness
------------------------

By continuously delivering small changes rapidly you can be more
responsive with regards to customers, the market, and your competitors.
Increased responsiveness means that you are able to adapt faster to
customer needs and market changes. For example, the faster you are able
to deliver on a customer request the happier and more satisfied the
customer will be.

Why keep a feature that is already developed and ready for production
just lay around waiting to be deployed in a year? Or for that matter, in
a month or a week? A feature only adds value after being delivered to
the customers, if not it's only _inventory waste_.
